Create a data file of your class in an excel sheet with the following variables:
I Student Number
I Gender
I Age
I Favorite Subject (limit our answer to Math, Science, and English)
I Favorite Color (limit your answer in red, blue, yellow, green)
I Height in cm
I Weight in kilograms
I Grade in General Math (in SHS)
I Grade in Statistics and Probability (in SHS)
I Grade in Earth Science (in SHS)
I Grade in Media and Information Literacy (in SHS)
Note: Make sure that the whole class have the same data file. I suggest that only one person will collect the data
and provide the data file for the whole class. A minimum of 20 observations is required.

Out of the data file create the following:
1. Data Frame with all the variables in the excel file. (3 points)
2. Create subsets out of data frame in number 1 with the following conditions:
2.1 All male who like color red and at least 21 years old. (3 points)
2.2 All male who like color blue and at most 60 kilos. (3 points)
2.3 All female who like color yellow and more than 150 cm. (3 points)
2.4 All female who like Math subject and color green. (3 points)
2.5 All students who like Math and the grade in Gen Math and Statistics and
Probability is greater than 95. (3 points)
2.6 All students who like Science and the grade in Physical Science is greater than
95. (3 points)
2.7 All students who like English and the grade in Media and Information Literacy is
greater than 95. (3 points)

3. Create a matrix with values 1 - 20 by column,with row names - ”Red”, ”Blue”,
”Yellow” and ”Green”, and column names - ”A”, ”B”, ”C”, ”D”, and ”E”.
(5 points)
4. Extract the columns for ”A”, ”C”, and ”D”. (2 points)
5. Extract the rows for ”Blue” and ”Yellow”. (2 points)
6. Create a list with a sequence of numbers with 40 elements between 1-20
inclusive, and a factor of your 5 favorite artists. (5 points)
These are the files that you have to attach in Google Classroom for this assessment:
I The excel file
I Script file of your codes
I One PDF file for the screenshot of outputs in the console for every item.
(1 point each for every correct output)